`opam install . --deps-only` comply with the real constraints of packages (#6530)
ocaml/opam: master_changes.md

## Config

## Pin

>   * [BUG] When using `--deps-only`, no longer take into account the simulated pin information. This is hit when a package `pkg` is already installed and `opam install ./pkg --deps` is called, if there is a conflict between installed `pkg` dependencies and local `pkg` declaration, the conflict is not seen and the already installed `pkg` is kept. [#XXX @rjbou]

Author: ```suggestion
  * [BUG] When using `--deps-only`, no longer take into account the simulated pin information. This is hit when a package `pkg` is already installed and `opam install ./pkg --deps` is called, if there is a conflict between installed `pkg` dependencies and local `pkg` declaration, the conflict is not seen and the already installed `pkg` is kept. [#6530 @rjbou - fix #6529]
```

## Reftests
### Tests

>   * Add some related pin tests: fetching, reinstall trigger & simulated pin (deps-only) [#XXX @rjbou]

Author: ```suggestion
  * Add some related pin tests: fetching, reinstall trigger & simulated pin (deps-only) [#6530 @rjbou]
```
